README.md, before:

# Azaux

Azaux is a Python package that provides a collection of management utilities for handling containers, queues, storage resources, and tables.

## Features

- Container Management: Efficient container orchestration and lifecycle management
- Queue Management: Robust queue handling and processing capabilities
- Storage Resource Management: Flexible storage resource allocation and management
- Table Management: Comprehensive table operations and management utilities

## Installation

```bash
pip install azaux
```

## Requirements

- Python >= 3.12

## Project Structure

```
src/azaux/
├── container_manager.py     # Container management functionality
├── queue_manager.py        # Queue management operations
├── storage_resource_manager.py  # Storage resource handling
└── table_manager.py        # Table management utilities
```

## Usage

```python
from azaux.container_manager import ContainerManager
from azaux.queue_manager import QueueManager
from azaux.storage_resource_manager import StorageResourceManager
from azaux.table_manager import TableManager

# Initialize managers as needed for your use case
```

## License

This project is licensed under the terms included in the LICENSE file.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

Commit message:

Rename package from Azaux to Azhacks and update related references in README.md

README.md, after:

# Azhacks

Azhacks is a Python package that provides a collection of management utilities for handling containers, queues, storage resources, and tables.

## Features

- Container Management: Efficient container orchestration and lifecycle management
- Queue Management: Robust queue handling and processing capabilities
- Storage Resource Management: Flexible storage resource allocation and management
- Table Management: Comprehensive table operations and management utilities

## Installation

```bash
pip install azhacks
```

## Requirements

- Python >= 3.12

## Project Structure

```bash
src/azhacks/
├── container_manager.py     # Container management functionality
├── queue_manager.py        # Queue management operations
├── storage_resource_manager.py  # Storage resource handling
└── table_manager.py        # Table management utilities
```

## Usage

```python
from azhacks.container_manager import ContainerManager
from azhacks.queue_manager import QueueManager
from azhacks.storage_resource_manager import StorageResourceManager
from azhacks.table_manager import TableManager

# Initialize managers as needed for your use case
```

## License

This project is licensed under the terms included in the LICENSE file.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.
